hi guys my name is Tali and I'm about to
show you how I do my blow-dry I like to
start off with the quick slip and the
reason why I like to start off with
quick slip because it reduces my drying
time and it has a clean flexible hold I
also like to add in that super skinny
relaxing balm for that lightweight balm
that helps to smooth every strand and
seal all of my cuticles before I start
my blow-dry I'm gonna move on and I'm
gonna brush out all the products into
every single strand that way I have an
even application I'm going to start
dividing my hair into two sections I'm
gonna divide that first top section and
then I'm going to go into that middle
section kind of square that away a
ministered off with that Express eye on
dry and I like to use at an extra large
Express eye on round brush and the
reason why is because I want to get that
volume and extra body in this style I
start by using the round brush
underneath my sections the reason why I
do that is because I want to stretch
each strand of hair out to get that nice
clean smooth look I also like to polish
the ends and make sure those ends are
nice and dry and the reason why is
because in order to get that clean
smooth look you need to make sure that
each strand in that section is
absolutely dry so I used the round brush
as a roller and I like to heat it up
while polishing those ends leaving it
there for about maybe one second letting
it cool down on that brush and rolling
it off going on to that next section I'm
gonna repeat what I just did on the
other side again key is to polish those
ends the only way that you're gonna get
that nice clean look is by polishing
those ends now working on the back
section because we don't have eyes in
the back of our head I like to actually
go in with my fingers and feel the
actual texture of that hair strand to
make sure that there is no frizz and all
of that moisture is completely out of it
so I also move that section out of the
way that way we don't have any wet hair
lying on that section getting that hair
damp so clean sections is also probably
the best way that you can go about by
doing your blow-dry it's gonna help you
identify if each hair strand is nice and
dry so that you can move on to that next
step
and again it's really a repetitive move
it's going in there and stretching out
those strands from the roots to the ends
and concentrating on those polished ends
and making sure that the drier it is the
more of a consistent polished look
you're gonna be getting on those ends
and I always like to go over the section
just to make sure that I am getting that
nice stretch out look in that hair but
still creating that volume by going
under that section and making that round
brush work it's talent and doing that
bottom section as you can see I'm
working going back to that back end and
I like to always double check that
middle section and the reason why is
because it could get a little tricky and
it could make you believe that it's dry
because you're not seeing it
so Obi's going back there and kind of
combining those two sections since you
just separated them going back in there
and combining that middle section so you
don't have a line of demarcation it's
gonna help that blow-dry get that volume
look that you absolutely need throughout
the whole thing now I do like doing that
front section laughs and some people
like to do it first but I'd rather go
back and re wet it and make sure that
that section is completely dry when I'm
working on my last couple of sections
now that middle section could be a
little tricky because you can get some
lines of demarcation so I like to over
direct the hair either forward or
backward and sometimes I do it both ways
that way can actually live and lie in
that living position that it does on its
normal own now I do the brush going
forward and the reason why is because I
like up a sweep ease look but I don't
want it to look too uniform that it can
only stay on one side of the head
so moving my brush from one side to the
next is actually gonna help me get that
nice clean finish so that way I can
actually part my hair however I want and
this is also gonna give you that salon
look at home I'm gonna go into that
gloss drops and the reason why is
because I'd like the fact that it helps
that shine and it does that resistant of
humidity for just in case it is a rainy
weather outside using that transition
from the bottom to the top is gonna help
me get that gloss drops in but not an
oily transition I like to kind of give
myself a couple of quick slips around my
face just to give me that nice
and result that I'm looking for I hope
he enjoyed the blow-dry and I hope this
helps you out